How do you indicate the current page WITHIN the links in the navigation?  (Make sure you are not using just color)
    To indicate the current page, I used a dotted black border to indicate that that is the page the user is currently on. In addition, I change the color to dark magenta to show the difference in color.
Is “Skip to Content” available on every page - It should be hidden on the page load and appear on the first tab.  
    The skip to content is available on every page and is hidden on the page when loaded in at first. However, it appears on the first tab on every page.
Which elements use grid and which pages are these elements on?  How did you use grid differently from the homework? Why did you use the number of columns/rows?  Did you use Inspect Element to check that removing display: grid changes the page?  (Include screenshot if desired.)
    I used grid for all the pictures in the Main Page and Vacation page. I used grid differently than the homework as I used it for all my pictures to format. I chose to use 2 columns for the mobile view, because it's a longer view and not as wide as the other views. For the tablet view, I chose 3 columns, because the view is a bit wider than mobile but not as wide as the desktop view. For the desktop view, I used 4 columns for the desktop view as it is the biggest view.

    INCLUDE SCREENSHOT

Which elements use flex and which pages are these elements on?  How did you use flex differently from the homework? Which different supporting properties did you use, e.g flex-direction, flex-wrap, justify, align?  Did you use Inspect Element to check that removing display: flex changes the element?  (Include screenshot if desired.)
    I used flex for the header on all the pages, but I also used flex for structuring all of the music images on the music page. I used flex similar to the homework for the header, but I used it differently to center the images for the music page. I used justify-content and align-items to center the images and the arrow on the music page. 

    INCLUDE SCREENSHOT

 What did you do to make your pages particularly visually appealing?  How did you come up with your color scheme?  Tell us more about your font choices, image editing, etc.I am sure there are things that you did that we can't easily see.
    I made my pages visually appealing by using bright colors to fit the mood. I mainly used blue colors for the vacation page, because the pictures of mediterannean were mainly blue and had skies of blue. In the music page, I used different colors for different artists as I used orange for illenium, because his theme is often based on a burning phoenix. I used green for seven lions, because all his album images give a green vibe and the same for MitiS' album images of blue. I used different font sizes to signify importance and difference between artist names and song names. In addition, I made it so when you press the arrows, the image changes to the next song. 

Tell us about your Responsive Design.  What is your tablet breakpoint and why did you pick that particular value for your first media query?  What is changed in the layout?  What is changed in the styling? How did these changes improve the page?  Were you careful to not duplicate unnecessary code?  
    For the tablet breakpoint, I chose 700 because it is too big for mobile but too small for desktop view. The layout changes to 3 columns for tablet view and the sizes of images change to match the layout. The images have different styling, which fits the page  

Tell us about your Responsive Design.  What is your desktop breakpoint and why did you pick that particular value for your first media query?  What is changed in the layout?  What is changed in the styling? How did these changes improve the page?  Were you careful to not duplicate unnecessary code?  
